
        '''
EMPLOYEE DETAILS

  *Final Build
    1. Have hourly wage dynamically set for each employee under employee details (complete)

TIMEWORKED

        MINIMUM PLAN

        *Early Build

        1. Add default calendar values (complete)
        2. Employees and their roles are loaded dynamically (complete)
        3. push hourly wage value to controller(complete)
        4. push time worked value to controller (complete)
        5. Create payroll function (complete)

        Each employee will have a payroll added in the controller first, and
        I will simulate a scenario where a day selected would display the total payroll for each employee listed

        *Advanced Build (complete)
        1. obtain day from date request form (complete)
        2. Create a date range to pick from (max 7 days with weeks marked) (complete)
        3. Populate the missing day fields with days from range (complete)
        4. Calculate payroll based on range (complete)
        5. push hourly wage value to model (complete)
        6. push time worked value to model (complete)



SCHEDULE INFO
      * Early Build
      1. Employees' schedules are listed (complete)
      2. Ability to add a schedule through new schedule button (complete)
      3. Ability to update an existing schedule through new schedule button (complete)
      4. Test out against bugs with empty schedule update requests (complete)

      * Advanced Build
      1. Schedule knows how many days in month (complete)
      2. Quick Schedule section on the page that allows to create and update (complete)
      3. Bulk schedule create through quick schedule possible (complete)

      *Final Build
      1. Schedule Info allows to input hours worked in a schedule
      3. Days sort themselves out by number

CSS3
Edit the schedule through browser to see what allows the time ranges to fit


JQUERY

SCHEDULE INFO

  1. bulk days default number changes to one that is in "day" field
  2. Day schedule has an hours worked field without submit button (ajax?)
  3.  Allow each time worked window to be a "modal" with additional info and
  which would allow you to dynamically change hours (and view their schedule?)
  4. clicking on schedule entry would show a dropdown with additional info?


SQL
    1. Create SQL database
    2. Push model to SQL

Presentability
1. Add more employees to app
2. Add navbar background-color
3. Add descriptions under tabs
4. Create a logo
5. Background?

BUGS:

(Fixed labeled as "*", existing as "!")

SCHEDULE INFO
  *Clicking "add schedule" on quick schedule when form day not declared does not throw error anymore
  *Improved logic to allow both time worked and quick schedule to operate on same POST method
  !Hours worked throws error when opening with newly-created employee
